#### page 4
$\frac{1}{b-a}$ as area under the curve needs to be 1

#### page 5
the moment that $x=b$ the area has to be 1

#### page 7
base is eaul to the rang of values you're looking for, and the height is PDF.
PDF is simply $\frac{1}{\text{range of values}}$ 

#### page 8
time has to be continuous random variable.
looking for probaility of failure?

#### page 9
same lambda used in possoin distribution.
labda is the number of occurences in a time distribution.
average number of time between occurances is $\mu_{y}$
explore relationship betwen both distributions.

#### page 10
CDF is a mirror image of PDF
CDF tells you the probability that time is less than something.
As X increases, the slope tends to 0

#### page 11
step 1: write down knowns and unknowns
assuming that number of km driven is smaller than number of km required to change the battery

#### page 12
if the first one is true, the other one is also true.
if X>x+y, then obviously X>x
i.e. if first condition is met, the other condition is also met.
1 - ..., is a CDF

```ad-info
title: Note
this is not a realistic example that has applications in the physical world.
```

i.e $P(X \gt y)$ is 1 - CDF

#### page 13
km you have to drive to change the battery does not depend on how many km you have already driven.
i.e the memroyless property of Exponential random variables.
__independant of the past__
what happened before has no impact on what will happen next.
The only memoryless distribution

#### page 14
1. If jobs arrive every1.5 seconds on average ($\lambda = 4 \text{ per minute}$), what is the probability of waiting less than or equal to 30 seconds, i.e 0.5 min?
	- Solution:
	- $$P(X \leq 0.5) = \int_{0}^{0.5} 4e^{-4t} \, dt = -e^{-4t} \Big|_{0}^{0.5} = 1-e^{-2} \approx 0.86 $$

#### page 15
$\sigma$ is our standard deviation, $\mu$ is our mean. 
we want our function to be pdf, so it equals to one, so we have to normalise the integration.

#### page 16

[watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K6UUAvFCjg)

#### page 23
a compliment of the CDF

#### page 25
error function is an odd function
